This study presents the challenges of learning deformable offsets in conventional machine learning (ML) systems. It significantly focuses on the representation data derived from the MNIST and FashionMNIST datasets. The primary difficulty with this approach is optimizing a trade-off between accuracy and efficiency by exploiting the gradient-based algorithm. It is a significant phase of the intricate image recognition and transformation process. Provide a strategy for incorporating quantum approaches utilizing quantum loss functions, entanglement, and quantum feature maps to improve on conventional gradient-based techniques. Employ hybrid ways that combine quantum algorithms, such as quantum natural gradient descent (QNGD) and variational quantum eigensolver (VQE), with classical optimization techniques. This approach is applied to updating deformable offsets and optimizing quantum eigenvalue issues. We use quantum Fisher information matrices (FIM) and tensor networks is train efficiently and accurately. Then we performed extensive tests comparing the quantum method with established conventional baselines through hyperparameters, such as accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score. The implementation results demonstrate significant gains in classification accuracy, which exhibit 97% on the MNIST dataset and 87% on the FashionMNIST dataset. The result of paper emphasizes significant conclusions, including improved model stability, increased generalizability, and decreased overfitting due to implementing quantum optimization techniques. With quantum principles applied to convolution and feature extraction, such data exhibit substantial potential in processing.
